Bloody Mary-Vodka, Vegetable Juice, Worcestershire Sauce, Hot Sauce, Ice, Salt, Pepper, Celery, Olives-Salt the rim of a tall glass. Fill the glass with ice cubes. In a cocktail mixer full of ice, combine the vodka, vegetable juice, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, salt, and pepper. Shake vigorously and strain into the glass. Garnish with a stalk of celery and olives stuck onto a toothpick.
French 75-Gin, Champagne, Lemon Juice, Ice, Confectioner's Sugar-Fill a cocktail shaker 3/4 full of ice. Add 3/4 of an ounce of gin, 1 tablespoon of confectioner's sugar, and 2 teaspoons of lemon juice; cover and shake 10 to 15 seconds or until condensation forms on the outside of the shaker. Strain into a flute glass and top with champagne.
Fresh Lime Margarita-Tequila, Triple Sec, Lime Juice, Lemon Juice, Ice, Limes, Superfine Sugar, Salt-In a pitcher, combine 1/2 cup tequila, 1/2 cup Triple Sec, 1/4 cup lime juice, 1/4 cup lemon juice, 2 tablespoons superfine sugar; stir until sugar is dissolved. Moisten rims of four margarita or cocktail glasses with lime wedges. Dip rims in salt. Serve in prepared glasses over crushed ice.
Gin and Tonic-Gin, Tonic, Lime Juice, Ice-Pour 3 oz. gin, 4 oz. tonic water and 1 tablespoon lime juice over ice in a chilled glass. Stir well.
Irish Coffee-Irish Whiskey, Coffee, Heavy Whipping Cream, Green Creme De Menthe, Sugar-Divide 2 teaspoons of sugar and 2 ounces of Irish whiskey between 2 mugs; then top with coffee. If desired, beat together 1/4 cup of heavy whipping cream and 1 teaspoon of green creme de menthe until a whipped cream forms and top the coffees.
Martini-Vodka, Dry Vermouth, Ice, Olives-Fill a shaker 3/4 full of ice. Add 3 oz. vodka and 1/2 oz. dry vermouth; cover and shake until condensation forms on outside of shaker. Strain into a chilled cocktail glass. Garnish with olives.
Mint Julep-Bourbon, Mint Syrup, Ice, Mint-Make mint simple syrup. Cover and refrigerate syrup for at least 2 hours or until chilled. For each serving, place ice in a metal julep cup or rocks glass. Pour 1/4 cup mint syrup and 1 oz. bourbon into the glass; stir until mixture is well chilled. Garnish with mint sprig.
Mimosa-Champagne, Triple Sec, Orange Juice-Pour 2 oz. champagne into a champagne flute or wine glass. Pour 1/2 oz. Triple Sec and 2 oz. orange juice into the glass. Garnish as desired.
Mojito-White Rum, Club Soda, Ice, Limes, Sugar, Muddle, Mint-Squeeze and drop a lime wedge into a highball glass. Then, add 2 teaspoons of sugar and muddle together. Gently press or slap 2 sprigs of mint and add to glass along with some ice. Pour 2 ounces of white rum and top with club soda. Garnish with a lime slice and additional mint, if desired.
Pina Colada-Rum, Pineapple Juice, Coconut Cream, Ice-In a 2 qt. pitcher, combine 2 and 1/4 cups pineapple juice, 1 can cream of coconut and 1 and 1/2 cups rum. Chill. For each serving, place a generous cup of rum mixture and 1 cup ice in a blender. Cover and process until smooth. Pour into a chilled hurricane glass. Garnish each with a pineapple wedge.
Pineapple Rum Punch-Dark Rum, Coconut Rum, Grenadine, Unsweetened Pineapple Juice, Orange Juice, Coconut Water, Orange, Key Lime Juice, Ice-In a pitcher, combine 3 and 1/2 cups unsweetened pineapple juice, 1 and 1/2 cups orange juice, 1 cup coconut water, 1 cup orange juice, 1 cup coconut rum, 1 cup dark rum, 1/4 cup key lime juice, and 3 tablespoons of grenadine. Stir and serve over ice.
Red Sangria-Merlot, Orange Liqueur, Brandy, Lemon Lime Soda, Sparkling Water, Sugar-In a pitcher, stir together 1 (750 ml) bottle of merlot, 1 cup of sugar, 1 cup of orange liqueur and 1/2 to 1 cup of brandy until the sugar has dissolved. Top with 3 cups of cold lemon lime soda or sparkling water and your choice of sliced fruit. Serve over ice.
Screwdriver-Vodka, Orange Juice, Ice, Orange Slice-Place ice in a rocks glass. Pour in 2 ounces of vodka and 3 ounces of orange juice and garnish with an orange slice.
Whiskey Sour-Bourbon, Lemon Juice, Ice, Syrup-In a shaker, combine 1 and 1/2 oz. bourbon, 3/4 oz. simple syrup, 3/4 oz. lemon juice and ice. Shake well, and pour into glass. Garnish with a cherry.
White Russian-Vodka, Kahlua, Ice, Heavy Whipping Cream-Add a few ice cubes to a rock glass and stir in 1 and 1/2 ounces vodka and 1 and 1/2 ounces Kahlua. Then top with 3 ounces heavy whipping cream.
